chore(OSC-1277): Replace Batch Processor references with Exporter Batching in collector configuration examples (#6777)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/send-data/kubernetes/best-practices.md

          protocol: TCP
```

> In the example above, one of the internally defined processor were used in metadata pipeline:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example above, one of the internally defined processors was used in metadata pipeline:
```

The above, in connection with PVC monitoring, can lead to constant alerts (e.g., [KubePersistentVolumeFillingUp][filling_up_alert]), because once filled in PVC never reduces its fill.
:::

[sumologic_exporter]: https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-otel-collector/tree/v0.50.0-sumo-0/pkg/exporter/sumologicexporter#sumo-logic-exporter
[filling_up_alert]: https://runbooks.prometheus-operator.dev/runbooks/kubernetes/kubepersistentvolumefillingup/

> [sumo-otelcol-batching-doc]: ../../opentelemetry-collector/data-source-configurations/additional-configurations-reference/#using-batch-processor-to-batch-data

Reviewer: this can be removed as it was deleted in line 552

```suggestion
```
